# edit-read-me
Where my girls at?  The representation of women in the tech industry is non-existence. When we talk about black women in a tech industry the percentage lowers.  78% of women are in the health and social work industry. I was curious why this was the case.  Many women have been conditioned from a young age to believe that they must take care of people and the tech industry has been painted as if it was too dominant for women. Taking care of others has been normalized to women as their contribution to society.   I believe, you can still take care of people in many industries. For example, in a tech, Jakita O. Thomas contributed research to the industry by developing computational algorithmic thinking. This led to her researching intersectionality in computing and working for the NHS to help access healthcare information.     THE TENSION  21% of women which are in a tech are already courageous. My question is why would they do creative computing?  a new industry which is already saturated with men.   Joining together the doubt of making it as creative and the lack of representation in the tech industry.  A new industry means, new environment, new rules or no rules, new perspective, and new people.  Creative computing is an environment where you can be multifaceted. A place you can express yourself without the limitation of society.   The patriarchy has women on a chokehold.  To go against the odd means, you would have to be courageous. Women are evolving and crossing disciples. Creating and inventing. Stretching how we viewed in society. I’m proud!          HOPE   During my research black girls code is amazing organization that resonated with me. I able to see both of my identities are an encourage factor instead of a disadvantage. A place that I wouldn’t be perceived as angry black girl.   Another organization is global tech advocates. One of their aims is to support black women in the tech industry and assist with networking to create more opportunities for women. I love their mantra “get comfortable, getting uncomfortable” because it still acknowledges the struggle of being a minority.  “I always smile when I hear that woman cannot excel in mathematics.” - Evelyn Boyd Granville
